Update TraceLog.md (#110)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: PlusContent/TraceLog.md

**Performance Impact**

When inactive, the Trace Log does not use any system resources and does not have any performance impact on any running programs. When active, the Trace Log has a small performance penalty on sandboxed programs.

**Recent Improvements**

> **v1.9.6** adds a full stack trace to all trace messages.
> Note that Enable the Trace Logging also turns on the Keep Terminated.
> This is not a bug but new intended behaviour. Without it, the stack trace in the trace log would not work properly, as it uses the process objects to cache the symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sandboxie Plus v1.9.6** adds a full stack trace to all trace messages.
Note that activating the Trace Log also turns on the Keep Terminated feature.
This is not a bug, but a new intended behaviour. Without it, the stack trace in the Trace Log would not work properly, as it uses the process objects to cache the symbols.
```

If you agree, please press the `Commit suggestion` -> `Commit changes` button to apply it.
